Licenses & Copyright
====================

This license file adheres to the formatting guidelines of
[readable-licenses](https://github.com/nevir/readable-licenses).


CalConnect MIT License
----------------------

Copyright 2020-2025, CalConnect

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


NIST Public Domain Notice (SPDX: NIST-PD)
-----------------------------------------

This software was developed by employees of the National Institute of Standards
and Technology (NIST), and others.

This software has been contributed to the public domain.

Pursuant to title 15 Untied States Code Section 105, works of NIST employees are
not subject to copyright protection in the United States and are considered to
be in the public domain.

As a result, a formal license is not needed to use this software.

This software is provided "AS IS."

NIST MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND DATA ACCURACY.

NIST does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of the
software or the results thereof, including but not limited to the correctness,
accuracy, reliability or usefulness of this software.
